feat(stdoutmetric): add self-observability metrics (#7132)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: exporters/stdout/stdoutmetric/internal/x/README.md

# Experimental Features

> The metric SDK contains features that have not yet stabilized in the OpenTelemetry specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stdoutmetric` exporter contains features that have not yet stabilized in the OpenTelemetry specification.
```

> These features are added to the OpenTelemetry Go metric SDK prior to stabilization in the specification so that users can start experimenting with them and provide feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These features are added to the `stdoutmetric` exporter prior to stabilization in the specification so that users can start experimenting with them and provide feedback.
```

These feature may change in backwards incompatible ways as feedback is applied.
See the [Compatibility and Stability](#compatibility-and-stability) section for more information.

## Features

- [Self-Observability](#self-observability)

### Self-Observability

> The SDK provides a self-observability feature that allows you to monitor the SDK itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stdoutmetric` exporter provides a self-observability feature that allows you to monitor the exporter itself.
```

To opt-in, set the environment variable `OTEL_GO_X_SELF_OBSERVABILITY` to `true`.

When enabled, the SDK will create the following metrics using the global `MeterProvider`:

- `otel.sdk.exporter.span.inflight`

> - `otel.sdk.exporter.span.exported`

Reviewer: This a metrics exporter therefore it should be
- `otel.sdk.exporter.metric_data_point.inflight`
- `otel.sdk.exporter.metric_data_point.exported`

This comment also applied to the code.
